Roleselection: Fixed forced roles not being subtracted from the roles amount (#685)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Fixed weapon pickup bug, where weapons would not get dropped but stayed in inventory

> - Fixed #653:Role-selection bug, where Forced roles are not deducted from the available roles amount list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a roleselection bug, where forced roles would not be deducted from the available roles
```
